Mr. Zhang, Mr. Sun
I just joined the Chamber of Commerce
Please have more handrails in the future
Where is it? Mr. Tian is a woman who doesn't let a man
The future must be limitless
I just heard
Irokun Sato in our country is pursuing
He is the imperial concubine of Hancheng
Zuo Jinjuan
Said to sign a 10 million purchase contract with me today
Why no news yet?
Sister, you must help me decide
In case it is Qi Tian who fights like this
I just saw him at the door hitting on another woman
He became angry
Beat me like this
Tingting, who is Qi Tian?
Was my ex-engagement partner
We divorced yesterday.
Among the rich and elite of Haicheng
I don't seem to have heard of this person's name.
This Qi Tian?
He's just a poor guy swaggering
Yesterday, he took a bunch of street stalls to lie to my sister
And they cheated on him on the spot.
Hooking up with other women
Hooked up another one today
This is too much
Mr. Tian
Such an excellent girlfriend doesn't know how to cherish it
Everybody, everybody.
My sister will soon be a member of the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
You must help him
Punish this Qi Tian well
Let Qi Tian pay the price
I pay the price now
I'd like to see it
How did you make me pay?